I checked with the personnel in my division departments on aboard my ships.
I was more of you want to say near far. I was more arms reach.
You will always be. You know, Mr or Mrs Ensign, Lieutenant Commander,
you're always going to be looked at as the khaki you're not with
the illicit grew. And that applies even if you're a Mustang, you know,
you used to be in the chief's mess. You're not in the business anymore.
You're in the wardroom, and that implies, you know, you want
to know what your people, what their families are. You know who's the
wife? That song is going to college. Any special needs one of you
aware of that and be able to talk to a person. First of all, you don't
want to be seen is a machine or a robot. But at the same time, you
need to keep a hand at arm's reach because we are in the professional
obs way. Our men, women combat arms and there's going to be a time
when you may be called upon. You go in harm's way, and that is part
of good water. Invisible. You must be ready to execute the mission.
We all combat men at arms